then a hash the ammonite came up and
then a hash the ammonite came up and encamped against jabish Gilead and all
encamped against jabish Gilead and all
encamped against jabish Gilead and all the men of jabish said tune a hash make
the men of jabish said tune a hash make
the men of jabish said tune a hash make a covenant with us and we will serve you
a covenant with us and we will serve you
a covenant with us and we will serve you and they hashed the ammonite answered
and they hashed the ammonite answered
and they hashed the ammonite answered them on this condition I will make a
them on this condition I will make a
them on this condition I will make a covenant with you then I may put out all
covenant with you then I may put out all
covenant with you then I may put out all your right eyes and bring reproach on
your right eyes and bring reproach on
your right eyes and bring reproach on all Israel then the elders of jabish
all Israel then the elders of jabish
all Israel then the elders of jabish said to him
said to him
said to him hold off for seven days that we may send
hold off for seven days that we may send
hold off for seven days that we may send messengers to all the territory of
messengers to all the territory of
messengers to all the territory of Israel and then if there is no one to
Israel and then if there is no one to
Israel and then if there is no one to save us we will come out to you so the
save us we will come out to you so the
save us we will come out to you so the messengers came to Gibeah of soul and
messengers came to Gibeah of soul and
messengers came to Gibeah of soul and told the news in the hearing of the
told the news in the hearing of the
told the news in the hearing of the people and all the people lifted up
people and all the people lifted up
people and all the people lifted up their voices and wept
their voices and wept
their voices and wept now there was soul coming behind the
now there was soul coming behind the
now there was soul coming behind the herd from the field and soul said watch
herd from the field and soul said watch
herd from the field and soul said watch troubles the people that they weep and
troubles the people that they weep and
troubles the people that they weep and they told him the words of the man of
they told him the words of the man of
they told him the words of the man of jabish then the Spirit of God came upon
jabish then the Spirit of God came upon
jabish then the Spirit of God came upon soul when he heard this news and his
soul when he heard this news and his
soul when he heard this news and his anger was greatly aroused so he took a
anger was greatly aroused so he took a
anger was greatly aroused so he took a yoke of oxen and wooden pieces and sent
yoke of oxen and wooden pieces and sent
yoke of oxen and wooden pieces and sent them throughout all the territory of
them throughout all the territory of
them throughout all the territory of Israel by the hands of messengers saying
Israel by the hands of messengers saying
Israel by the hands of messengers saying whoever does not go out with Saul and
whoever does not go out with Saul and
whoever does not go out with Saul and Samuel to battle so it shall be done to
Samuel to battle so it shall be done to
Samuel to battle so it shall be done to his oxen and the fear of the Lord fell
his oxen and the fear of the Lord fell
his oxen and the fear of the Lord fell on the people and they came out with one
on the people and they came out with one
on the people and they came out with one consent when he numbered them in Bezeq
consent when he numbered them in Bezeq
consent when he numbered them in Bezeq the children of Israel were three
the children of Israel were three
the children of Israel were three hundred thousand and the men of Judah
hundred thousand and the men of Judah
hundred thousand and the men of Judah thirty thousand and they said to the
thirty thousand and they said to the
thirty thousand and they said to the messengers who came thus you shall say
messengers who came thus you shall say
messengers who came thus you shall say to the men of jabish Gilead tomorrow by
to the men of jabish Gilead tomorrow by
to the men of jabish Gilead tomorrow by the time the Sun is hot
the time the Sun is hot
the time the Sun is hot you shall have help
you shall have help
you shall have help then the messengers came and reported it
then the messengers came and reported it
then the messengers came and reported it to the men of jabish and they were glad
to the men of jabish and they were glad
to the men of jabish and they were glad there for the man of jabish said
there for the man of jabish said
there for the man of jabish said tomorrow we will come out to you and you
tomorrow we will come out to you and you
tomorrow we will come out to you and you may do with us whatever seems good to
may do with us whatever seems good to
may do with us whatever seems good to you so it was on the next day the soul
you so it was on the next day the soul
you so it was on the next day the soul put the people in three companies and
put the people in three companies and
put the people in three companies and they came into the midst of the camp in
they came into the midst of the camp in
they came into the midst of the camp in the morning wash and killed ammonites
the morning wash and killed ammonites
the morning wash and killed ammonites until the heat of the day and it
until the heat of the day and it
until the heat of the day and it happened that those who survived were
happened that those who survived were
happened that those who survived were scattered so that no two of them will
scattered so that no two of them will
scattered so that no two of them will left together and the people said to
left together and the people said to
left together and the people said to Samuel who is he who said shall saul
Samuel who is he who said shall saul
Samuel who is he who said shall saul reign over us bring the men that we may
reign over us bring the men that we may
reign over us bring the men that we may put them to death not a man shall be put
put them to death not a man shall be put
put them to death not a man shall be put to death this day for today the Lord has
to death this day for today the Lord has
to death this day for today the Lord has accomplished salvation in Israel then
accomplished salvation in Israel then
accomplished salvation in Israel then samuel said to the people come let us go
samuel said to the people come let us go
samuel said to the people come let us go to Gilgal and renew that kingdom there
to Gilgal and renew that kingdom there
to Gilgal and renew that kingdom there so all the people went to Gilgal and
so all the people went to Gilgal and
so all the people went to Gilgal and there they made Saul King before the
there they made Saul King before the
there they made Saul King before the Lord in Gilgal there they made
Lord in Gilgal there they made
Lord in Gilgal there they made sacrifices of peace offerings before the
sacrifices of peace offerings before the
sacrifices of peace offerings before the Lord and their soul and all the men of
Lord and their soul and all the men of
Lord and their soul and all the men of Israel rejoiced greatly
you
you [Music]